Jan 3, 2023
Woke up and made my bed. Had a good sleep.
Helped hema with cutting some coconut wedges.
Went downstairs to send off nethra to her school.
Came up, had bath and did sandyavandhanam
Had a very pleasant morning.

Started leetcoding, did few problems and enjoyed it.Was not very rusty as i had feared since i had not coded for 6 months since i got google offer in June 30 2022.

Got a doc reviewed by Ganesh - LGTM.
Had multiple meetings with vinod. He seems to be a nice guy.
He revealed that he has got a H1B visa to me and asked for my advise regarding going to US on H1B, as it would mean leaving Google.I told to pursue his passion and not worry too much as he can always come back to google if things don't work out.He was happy with my suggestion.I felt good too as it felt like he wanted someone other than him to believe in his passion.I felt good giving him the advise that i would have genuinely done myself.

Had lunch with hema although she had an early lunch, as it was nearly 3 hours since we had our morning breakfast [protein shake, badam..etc], she still gave me company.The lunch was good.I told her about vinod and his H1B visa.She told if we have “yogam” we will to a foreign country also.We both laughed at how nethra was telling about her conversation with her ammamai regarding skipping revisions and getting “0”[signaling 0 with hands] while waiting for her bus in the morning.

Both of us were not very concerned about me not having any opportunities to go to the US, we were either ways happy at our current state of our lives both professional and personal.Albeit with some minor concerns like a better place a better school…less pollution…etc.I call them minor as when compared to our respective childhoods financially we are self sufficient and happy at that.We are grateful for what we have.

Went to the Gym and had a good work out burnt around 500+ kcalories. The trainer was very interested to see my orange color water bottle.I asked him about boxing gloves and he mentioned to me that i need to have a 14 size gloves.i will buy it from decathlon with grip tape 2.5 or 3 meter.

Messaged Sri with happy new year.She was really nice to me when i visited seattle from service now.Just wanted to keep in touch with her.

Gym Trainer is from tamil nadu and his name is baranider. He does a good job.I gave 5 star rating to him in front of him while asking for boxing gloves.He would have realized that he is doing a good job from the feedback.Hope i made his day better.

Hema went to chant hanuman chalisa at sreesha’s place. Made 2 dosas for nethra as hema suggested.Gave her vitamin c and amoxicillin syrup. 

This is my first day of journaling. I want to develop this habit as i feel that it helps to have a hobby and also a way to pour my thoughts at the end of each day.



Jan 4, 2023 
Today was a usual day, Hema was feeling a bit under the weather so we bought our lunch from A2B. Lunch was good, we had a mini tiffin each.Loved the kesari and vada, tasting it after a long time.

Had a good workout today at the gym.felt good and calm.Nethra’s cough and stomach upset has subsided.

Had a good day overall.Went through some a video on Ankur Warikoo. He is aspirational.Thought of writing a mail to him, but could not conjure up the effort to do so.Did few leetcode problems.

Work was ok.
Was able to get most of the things done.

Have started following a daily routine of standing in front of the mirror and reflecting every morning and in the evening.

I feel better now a days compared to my microsoft days. I am also hopeful about getting a better opportunity than what i have at work now.

Joining cult is probably one of the best decisions that i have taken in 2022 and upgrading to elite member ship also could not have come at a better time.Every day i look forward to going tot he gym.

I feel more energetic nowadays.
The protein mix that me and Hema are taking every morning helps in getting proper nutrition and also in maintaining our weight.


Jan 12, 2023
Came to bangalore from chennai via vande bharat express.Good experience. Smooth travelling experience.Cab drivers were good, co-passenger in train was an old lady travelling along with her daughter and grand children.Food was ok, dosa was bad but pongal was good.

Got cab from majestic and came home by 12.
Had installed Google chat for my google.com account, so i was not going to miss any updates even when i am OOO.Not sure if this is a good or bad thing but continuing to do so for now.
When i came home got a bad vibe from shishir, i felt bad that he was doing such a bad job of cleaning my car even when i had given him a rise of 100 INR . I wanted to give the contract to clean the car to the night security, guess what it seems he is doing it for now as i got to know about it when i went to collect a courier.

More important stuff, i feel that i have to focus more on being healthy, eating right and being in shape.I am planning to buy boxing gloves and take the boxing class in cult fit.Want to also buy a kurta for Manikandan’s baby shower. Hema also wanted to buy something for pongal, so we might go for some shopping during the weekend.

Could not write earlier due to me being in chennai and i was not very comfortable to write from the sofa.

I want to go and see places around the world.I also strongly feel that i am a CEO material, not sure how to realise my dream of helping people by solving problems as a CEO.I want to start a company, not sure how and when. I will leave it for time to decide as i live 1 day at a time.

Jan 27, 2023

Google announced that it will be laying off approximately 12000 people.I dont understand the casual attitude to this email, every employee is an asset so you cannot approximate people how can you say approximately 12000, or is it the case that the employees count is not decided for sure and is based on some external factors like govt? I think it might be the later as Sundar pichai is someone who i respect a lot and am sure he would not take things for granted.

Today, i spoke to sreehari and my team during our syncup meeting in the morning at around 11.30am. It was the usual meeting except that Sreehari was talking too much and too fast seemingly like a person who was afraid.I think it rubbed off on me as the earlier calm me was now feeling disturbed and anxious. I am not immune to fear but was dealing with it definitely better than most. I had started preparing for coding interviews and was targeting at 1 question a day from my question bank.

I got a lot of negative vibes from sreehari. I did not like it at all.
I told that i had headache and logged off for the day. Actually my brain was flooded by thoughts of getting laid off so i was not able to concentrate on work or feel like doing anything. So i decided to log off.

I went down to pick up nethra from the school bus. She was very happy to eat kolakattai.
Hema had offered them to the gods in the morning .

I am confident in my abilities to get a job, the part where i dont like is being layed off google. The stigma associated with it there and i am not comfortable with it.

I did not work so hard, prep for interviews and attend interviews across multiple companies to be in google for 8 months.I deserve to thrive in this ecosystem and i can do it very well.

I also feel that i have put in the hard yards and i need to get the results for them.

I dont understand what i have to learn from this if i get laid off? This has been taking a lot of my thinking time.

I feel that the very intention of me going to microsoft was to learn to be calm, be humble and let go of my ego.I feel that i have learnt my lessons and i am now destined to be the real leader i am. I have better control over my reactions, i am not saying i am there yet , but i am working towards it and i have learnt my lessons.

I deserve to be able to realize my potential in google. 
Coming to alternatives, i can ping Sathish , chandru , vishy to name a few.
But i feel that my potential will be realized in google.I can  thrive in this ecosystem, i just need the visibility.The visibility that i got when george was my manager in intuit.I am not saying he could not have done better, but atleast within the India team, i had a name.

Sreehari , i feel is not needed here and i need to report to Karin/Aarosh in the US to get the visibility of the entire malachite ecosystem.

I want to be the leader i am , sreehari with his insecure nature is not giving us visibility or having the aptitude to talk things articulately. I am not impressed.

I want him to leave.

I deserve much better.I only fear having to drive to madras while getting the layoff news.
I dont think i need to go through this.I deserve more love from google. I solved their flake problem within 1 month after my GTI, which other did not know how to deal with.

I am a fantastic engineer who is destined for great things,i deserve to realize my potential as an engineering leader at GOOGLE. I deserve it.

I am brand AJAY, the best.

Feb 4, 2023
Today was a good day overall.
My sleep was not the best, Had disturbed sleep since 3.30 AM and finally woke up at 7AM.
I started with sandhyavandanam in the morning. Prayed for about 30 mins.
Was peaceful in the morning.

Went to the gym, had a decent workout. My knee was hurting slightly while climbing staircase. I think it is due to the overuse of the same and hence did not use the treadmill today.
Did a lot of work on my back muscles and biceps.

Also did a few full body cardio exercises. Finished it off with cross trainer.
Overall burned around 350 active calories.

Was feeling refreshed when i came back. Saw a few girls staring at me, felt happy for some strange reason, i also reciprocated.

Came home and had a good bath. We wanted to go out to get a dress for me , we went to phoenix mall and roamed around Fab India, reliance trends and Max to buy a kurta, white, and a jeans pant.

Since we were walking for a long time , we were all tired and hence we had chai at chai point.

Hema was concerned about her father’s hernia operation and its cost.It seems her brother had taken insurance in a company that stipulated 2 years premium before providing cashfree healthcare services for the insured.

I feel that as a person ,hema’s brother is very immature and is a spendthrift. His wife is a childish female.

I cannot forget how his ego got better of him and he did not even thank me for the 20k i gave him while his father had dengue. He has not learned his lessons and now he is suffering.
I asked hema to check with him whether his wife can add in-laws also to her company insurance.

I am very skeptical about hema’s mother and hema’s brother and hence am not comfortable about adding them to my company insurance.They are not honest to me about their discretionary spending and i feel that they might not pay me the premium properly should i agree to add hema’s parents to my insurance.Hence i am not going to add them to my company’s insurance.

I spoke to APPA and AMMA. Appa mentioned that he might do Ganapathy homam during my stay in madras. I told that my leaves are limited and it is a crunch time in the company so i may not be able to take leave but can make do with loggin in late for a day. So asked him to accommodate the homam during the early morning time.

I could not sleep properly during noon as i had thoughts about hema giving her brother funds from our joint account in SBI. Hema, for all she is, she lies and occasionally she is dishonest about her intentions.

I have not had sex for couple of weeks now. Work stress regarding layoffs and hema’s weak health have been the main reason.

Feb 5, 2023

Today was a good day.
I woke up at around 6.30 am.Made my bed and got done with morning rituals.
I then did sandyavandanam and went to the gym.

Worked out for about an hour.It was a good workout burned around 350 kcal in about 65 mins.
My heart rate variability has improved, i believe it is a sign of my improving health. I am always looking forward to going to the gym. I feel refreshed and happy after a workout and hence i always look forward to going to the gym.

Hema is having her menses, she was having her moodswings and was feeling weak.
I believe our family’s overall health has taken for the better after starting on the daily protein supplement from cosmix, working out 5 days a week , taking bcomplex and chavanaprash daily.
I can see that i am able to be more energetic and happy.

I was furious today from what Dwaipayan did by escalating about me to sreehari on thursday.
I have totally lost respect for that man. I feel that he is digging his own grave.His success depends on our success and he is not setting me for success. He is shoving things down my throat. I can accept differences in opinion with my manager , after all i am currently with my 20th manager in my career of close 15 years. I feel hurt when people dont respect me. I feel that i have to respond through my actions and not words as winning an argument is not going to give me any tangible outcome that can help me .

Hence i have decided that i will look to change my manager at the first opportunity that presents itself to me. I have already started preparing leetcode, i feel that i would need less time now to prepare. I also feel that like how microsoft presented me with an opportunity to learn about how to deal with difficult circumstances, life is teaching me something about how to handle difficult people again. I am going to start behaving passive aggressive towards Dwaipayan like how he behaves towards others. He is such an asshole.

I am confident of coming out this situation successful. I spoke to appa yesterday and he also told me to concentrate on my performance at work and let the work do the talking.
I completely agree with him and thats what i have also decided. 

I am brand AJAY, the best.

I heard Rudram today in the evening.it somehow makes my mind work better.


Feb 14, 2023
I was waiting to write this post. It has been a few days since i am in chennai. I came to chennai to attend hema’s sister-in-law and for my 4th microneedling session. The function is on 16 february and my microneedling session is on 17 feb 2023.

I brought along Hema’s mother while coming to chennai.I felt that she was very negative in her conversations mostly praising manikandan, hema’s brother. I think he is a spend thrift and is living in an unhappy marriage similar to his mother. His mother is passively aggressive. I want to stay away from her and Manikandan.

I felt a very strong negative hatred from her and always feel something off when i go and visit manikandan’s  place at blr.

She also tries to manipulate Nethra and i don’t like it at all.
Hema lies.

I heard rudram and kanaka dara stotram today.
Lots of meetings today.

I was able to  meet my active energy goals.

feb 16 2023
I feel that hema's mother is manipulating nethra to try to influence me.
I dont like hema's mother.
I dont like hema's brother. 
her brother is a spend thrift and thrives on spending more and does not care about his father's health.
he is forever trying to take money from me.

i want to stay away from him.
i want to stay away from hema's mother.
hema also lies, she will suffer for it.

hema's family draws lot of energy from me.i want to stay as much away from them as possible.
i want to stay as close to my parents as possible.

my father is so vocal of his apperciation towards me.i get so much of energy from him and my mother.


feb 23 2023
sreehari got laid off on feb 17 2023.
i feel that it is due to his performance.
i am not so sure if he was so bad that he had to be laid off but never the less he was definitely not very impactful as only after i joined did anything change in the presubmits tests in google.
although i am sorry for sreehari, i definitely felt that he was not google material, like how i felt about myself when i joined intuit from GE.

Dwaipayan [dwarf] is our new manager with Ashish playing papu to him.
Dwarf is such a nuuisance, he is policing us a lot and i dont like him.

Ashish is neither here nor there, technically also he is not on par .
i am giving as good as i am getting from dwaipayan.

I had a 1:1 with Ayush yesterday, i started to get a lot a negative vibes after the conversation.
i dont know how to explain the same but it felt that he does not value my advice.

he is very immature and aggressive.
he has not seen anything in life.

I think that they will make me a manager/lead-technical for the engprod team.
i am excited and anxious about it at the same time.

i am dont doing leetcoding, i want to influence people, charm them and create impact.
i can do it, i am really good at it and i will thrive.
one flip side is that i need to deal with people like Ayush. i think i know how to deal with people like dwarf.

Today's coffee was a bit more bitter than usual , i added milk and it tasted better.
hema likes her coffee to be a bit more bitter than mine.

she has not got back to me with any request for money, i am mostly sure that this will mean that uma's insurance will 
do the work for her father's surgery.

I want to thrive in a role. I want to strategize for engineering organization and create huge impact.
i am good at strategizing.

i also feel that 

today , i saw Ayush immaturity in full swing.
i asked sanjana to cater to Ganesh's req and she was consulting with ayush.
but sanjana was not clear on the requirements.
so i told her what to do but then she being she went to ayush and both of them went to see Ganesh.

i am not sure regarding how to handle him, he is so immature.
I dont know what Ganesh must have felt about my technical expertise when ayush and sanajan went to him to consult even when i had given a solution to sanjana.

Ayush has lost a good friend in me, he will now see my other side.
Sanjana is so lost.

i dont think ganesh's opinion of me will change with just this one instance but i dont like people when they go over me and patronise me.
i have come here with my merit and if it is not respected then i think its time to let go of the team.

feb 25 2023

I woke up at around 4.30 am, did not have the best of sleep yesterday night.
it is mostly related to summer heat i guess but can also be attributed to the work related stress.
I feel that my time has come to lead decisively the engprod team at google. I feel that i have to go to harness as my next step.
Somehow i feel that jyoti bansal company is my next stop.

I have now settled down into a rhythm of taking one day at a time. I understood this at microsoft, thanks to vishal verma. He made me a better leader.
I am very confident of tiding through this crisis and coming out strong.

I can form a high performing team for engprod and lead it very well to create a long standing impact.

I somehow am feeling very saturated if i start looking at leetcode and try to code in eclipse. I have never felt like this even in microsoft .
i feel that now it is the time to move on from coding / tactical things to strategic things like influencing people.

I can charm my way through people and thrive in situations like this.
I am the very best that the company can get.

I am brand Ajay.

I feel pity for  Ayush, he can never be trusted and so he has lost a good friend.
I also feel that Sanjana is very slow and needs to improve her speed.

I am sure of convincing Ganesh.

i was feelig very tired.
Hema was having migranine since yesterday along with cold and joint pains.
She usually develops these things when she is stressed.
I have been at the receiving end of this sort of stress from hema's mother to hema to me.
I dont like how they are always crying, it has come from her father, he is such a douche bag to say the least.

i want to go the gym but very tired due to lack of good sleep.

Feb 26 2023

today was a sunday.
My reports from blood test came yesterday night.
I got to see the complete report today.

my tryglyceride level was at 222.
i have reduced around 5 kgs is what i believe.

i am much more active and healthy in my own eyes.
i am sure that the increased tryglyceride levels are due to isotretinoin.
The doctor has reduced the dosage from this month to weekly twice for the next 6 weeks and thats all.

my skin feel good from the last microneedling and prp session.
i will be having my next session, most likely, a laser session around april 15.

i had a good workout today. 
i also slept in the afternoon for around 2 hrs.

we bought food from outside. i had 2 tandoori parathas along with dhal and kadai paneer.
Hema was not feeling well so we decided to buy food from outside.

i also bought dosa batter from outside and had dosa with the left over curries from the lunch.

i am having some anxiety about tomorrow's meeting with Ashish and Ganesh but i feel confident that i will come out winning.
i am not going to go to office for sometime.i get a lot of negative vibes from there.

i dont like dwaipayan and ashish. The culture is very authoritarian.
manager's main role is to build consensus.

Strategically it is a very difficult thing to do.
so they end up doing tactical work that is easier to do like asking status, asking to be included in the reviews..etc
which is not necessarily bad but wont give them time for thinking about strategy.

Dwaipayan is a bad manager. Does not understand what it takes to build a high performing team. Authority wont work here.

I did 12 suryanamaskaram today. Appa asked me to do so as he mentioned that today is a very special day for the sun.
i prayed a lot today.

i also listed to kanaka dhara stothram, vishnu sahasthranamam and rudram.
after praying, i feel better.

even working from home makes me good.

March 1 2023
today i woke up at around 5.30 am, had a decent sleep but was not very energetic.
May be due to weather or may be due to stress from work and very unintresting situation about hema's father.
I dont like the fact that i am being asked to help them and being taken for granted.

i dont like the fact that they are using my good will and good nature for their greedy means.
i have worked so hard, fought so many obstacles, solved so many problems in personl and prefessional fronts and have come here.
i cannot be taken for granted.

i dont like her father's attitude nor her mother's attitude nor her brother's attitude.
i have already told her that i will not be going to trichy to see his newborn.

I basically detest the very sight of going to manikandan's house.
i want to stay away from him and his family. what a pathetic attitude do they have towards life?
i feel like they are sucking all my energy when i visit them.

they are also manipulative and manipulate hema and nethra to get to me.
i am fed up of fighting this game in office and home time and again.

i want to go on a vacation alone.
in office, atlast there was some words of appreciation from dwaipayan.

i am feeling lot of mental fatigue to be frank.
i want to stay away from all the nonsense in office and hema's family.

i am also slowly starting to develop some disinterest towards hema also.
she is also manipulative.


march 7 2023
The past few weeks since feb 17, the day the india specific lay offs were announced have been very stressfull for me atleast.
One of the main reasons for that is that Dwaipayan has been askinng a lot of unwnated questions to me.

more than the questions, I find that his tone is patronising and the way he is answering the question is very defensive.
this shows deep insecurity and in ability to accept NO.
I believe this is coming from his amazon culture where people are trying to follow the boss and act like "YES" man.
i dont like him or ashish.
Ashish is not adding much value either ways.

i want to prepare for attending interview outside but a lot of stress is not helping me to prepare well either.
I am trying my best to prepare and will leave the rest to god.

my mind is cluttered with lots of questions and anger hence it is becoming very difficult to think properly, gather motivation and time to 
do other things .

i wanted to note down these thoughts before i start coding or do anyother thing because these thoughts were affecting my thinking and not heling either.
i was getting upset and angry for no reason.

i feel that once Karin comes from US , there would be some change but i am skeptical about it.
i feel that something big is coming my way and this is just a process of getting prepared for the same.

i will tell karin that the culture is India is very patronising as far as engprod team is concerned as every day there are a lot fo questions 
asked and the way of questioning is also very patronising questioning my merit every day.

i will also tell her that working under dwaipayan is very demotivating.

i want to make a point that , since i joined in sep, my GTI was completed in october 15, i started being productive since nov 1st week and 
we have been able to fix flakiness and bring it down to reasonable terms in very short duration of time.

we have worked very hard for it and now dwaipayan coming and patronising me is very demotivating .
I will also tell her that, in my 1:1 with dwaipayan i brought up the issue of not having visibility in to the US team
and nothing has been done since 2 months since i had my 1:1.

I see dwaipayan and Ashish concentrating on tactical things rather than setting us up for success and helping with getting consensus on strategy
by understanding the strengths of the engprod team and getting consensus of the same with organizational goals.

Doing tactical things, like asking for status update and questioning design or implementation is much easier for l7 manager when compared to
getting consensus between the strengths of the team and business goals.

Spekaing for the engprod team,we have been performing even when we were norming with each other's strengths and i would say now that we are a
high performing team which is self organized and understand each other very well.

given an opportunity i would want to move out of dwaipayan's team.


march 17 2023.

Today is a friday.
I am working from home.
Sometimes i wonder what am i doing in this job or in this industry.
I guess bad bossess and bad organizations can have that effect on a person.

i truely felt let down today. I have conceived, designed and led the whole project which
ayush was asked to present before Kini.
i am not interested to stay at this organization any longer than i needed to transfer from this organization.
i dont want to leave google though but i want to leave this organization.
i had got into google after so much of struggle and sacrifices.

i feel somehow i am not getting the recognition and reward that i deserve.
i dont think Aashish and Dwaipayan are both not good enough to be my manager.

i sometime curse my luck, i believe that i could have gone to be with lakshmi balasubramanya's team during team selection.
but i chose this team.

i feel that lakshmi is a far better leader than these guys.
i have heard Karin say a lot of good things about lakshmi.
i dont know why these things are happenning to me. I am very depressed about my current state.

i told that i am feeling burnt out to Shashi, who is visiting from the US but he was asking me to take it in the stride.
i did not get good vibe from him.
i felt that he was asking me not to crib about things but these are genuine concerns and cannot be put under the carpet.

i feel like cursing dwaipayan and ashish to the core, they are bad managers.

I feel that i can be a very good manager. The proof of that is the way how i navigated the situation after joing this team.

i dont like being seen substandard, i feel that , Ganesh is also very insecure. He is not as straight as he wants people to know him.

i want to leave this team for sure. 

sometimes, i feel that i need to go through this for me to get to something big.
sometimes,i also feel that that something big is not worth so much of my time.

currently, i am not able to think clearly.
I wish there was a guide like me to guide me.

march 27 2023

Today is a monday.
oflate , most of my mondays are filled with anxiety. Mostly due to work.
I dont like working in this team.
I want to shift to another team within google.
I need a good manager and a work like that will help me have a good family life.

i have terribly missed a good love life.
my insecurities regarding my looks, my lack of self confidence have all come in the way of me having a 
good love life.

i dont like how hema looks nor liked how she looked.
i felt that if i had been more confident about my looks, i would not have married her at all.

i dont like her family, i dont like her mother especially and her brother.

i want to experience flirting, love making and have long interesting conversations.
Hema is incapable of these things.

i want a break from my married life and want some time alone with someone who is a female, like radhika and with whom i can
be very confident about myself.

can so much of my life be dictated by my pimples.
i dont know if this is a knee jerk reaction or is this is how i feel.

i want to make love, flirt and laugh a lot with some one who is not hema without having to feel guilty about it.
i want to experience the 20 odd years in my adult life that i have missed to enjoy due to a lot of reasons mainly due to my pimple problems.

I get up in the morning, after my morning chores, go to the Gym. Had a decent workout.
I saw a girl exposing her midrif during jumping, i did not like the way she looked, so never bothered checking her out.

I want to get some attention from females, i want to be appreciated for my looks and my intelligence.
i have mostly been appreciated for the person i am.

I want to complete myself and want to bring all my faculties to best use and that can be done if i get my confidence back.


March 30 2023

I came to office today after a long time.
I was not happy at home, with all the drama around presenting gold bangles to manikandan's baby.
i dont like hema's mother and hema for manipulating me.

I said good morning to a few leaders in the morning, the ones who are visting from the US office.
I came to office to talk to karin and help understand the leadership perspective.

I am not a big fan of the way we work, suddenly everyone is around me is trying to make me anxious.
I am trying my best to navigate the situation but i need some help.

I am not even getting sex nowadays, most of the time hema is either sick or tired.
I dont like under so much of a pressure. I feel like i need more sex. sex every day.

I am thinking of finding that female who wants no relationship but just sex to hook up with.
I need some alone time where i can regroup my thoughts and re-organize myself.


april 6 2023

These days i am totally feeling alone.
I have not had sex for a about a month now.
I dont like my work.
I dont like my manager.
I dont like my team mates.
I feel that i need to move on from google.

I want to check with satish for openings in his team.
i feel that i dont have nay motivation to work in google.
i want to leave google because of Ashish and Dwaipayan.
i am not sure if leaving google is a good decision ?
i want to check for internal transfers.

I just hate to work for the chronicle team.
I am not interested to continue in this stressful team.
i am very confused, i feel so distant from my aspirations.
I feel as though my clarity of thought is gone.

for the first time in my life, i am not clear about what i want in life.
should i check for openings outside india, should i ask satish for job?

my mind feels saturated due to so many things.
either ways, i am not interested to continue in chronicle. I just need that psychological safety .

i am missing that today and for sometme at google.





